docs: :memo: update guides based on retrospectives (#189)
seedcase-project/team: how-we-work/iteration-tasks.qmd

    Review" at the beginning of a new iteration and it makes sense to
    finish it during the next iteration.

## Meetings

> In general, we limit meetings as much as is necessary, however some can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, we limit meetings as much as possible, however some can
```
At least to me this makes more sense

be very helpful. Here are some guidelines for meetings during the
iteration:

-   Have our [update meetings](update-meetings.qmd) to discuss progress,
    next steps, and any struggles or barriers (with the work or the
    iteration/process), as well as to present a demo of the progress
    made within the iteration.
-   Schedule multi-person impromptu meetings as necessary and as
    relevant for a given task or issue, for instance a [code review
    meeting](code-review-meetings.qmd) or a [discussion
    meeting](discussions.qmd).
-   Plan meetings on knowledge sharing or for code reviewing when, for
    instance, a new and more technically complicated feature is added or
    a new tool is used in a pull request. For the author of the pull

>     request, they will need to do a bit of preparation before hand for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    request, they will need to do a bit of preparation beforehand for
```
